Create ui-c8y-1020-31-0-pass-selected-ids-to-bulk-action-control.md (#2492)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1020-31-0-pass-selected-ids-to-bulk-action-control.md

---
date: ""

> title: Pass selected ids to bulk action control

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Pass selected IDs to bulk action control
```

> title: Pass selected ids to bulk action control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'showIf' function of bulk action controls receives an array of selected items' IDs
```

> title: 'showIf' function of bulk action controls receives an array of selected items' IDs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Selected item IDs are now passed to the bulk action control
```

> product_area: Device management & connectivity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
```

change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:

>   - value: component--KIsStyzM
>     label: Device Management app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
```

build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-3974
version: 1020.31.0
---

> Pass selected ids to bulk action control

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In the past, the bulk action control did not receive the IDs of the selected items, which made it impossible to perform bulk actions on a subset of items. With this change, the selected IDs are now passed to the bulk action control. This allows users to select specific items in a list and perform bulk actions only on those selected items, enabling more granular control over bulk operations.
```

> Pass selected ids to bulk action control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the past, the bulk action control did not receive the IDs of the selected items, which made it impossible to display a bulk action conditionally based on the subset of selected items. With this change, the selected IDs are now passed to the bulk action control 'showIf' function.
```

> In the past, the bulk action control did not receive the IDs of the selected items, which made it impossible to display a bulk action conditionally based on the subset of selected items. With this change, the selected IDs are now passed to the bulk action control 'showIf' function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the past, the bulk action control did not receive the IDs of the selected items, which made it impossible to display a bulk action conditionally based on the subset of selected items. With this change, the selected IDs are now passed to the bulk action control `showIf` function.
```

> In the past, the bulk action control did not receive the IDs of the selected items, which made it impossible to display a bulk action conditionally based on the subset of selected items. With this change, the selected IDs are now passed to the bulk action control `showIf` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the past, the bulk action control did not receive the IDs of the selected items, which made it impossible to display a bulk action conditionally based on the subset of selected items. With this change, the selected item IDs are now passed to the bulk action control `showIf` function.
```
